GS Gaming Project Update with @BamBam808
@BamBam808: always my friends
@officialfuzzy: I've noticed that you are also a busy guy on
there so go ahead and feel
free to step up let everybody know give your
15 minute presentation and we can
move forward
@BamBam808: yeah if anybody has anything we need to add
this probably won't take 15 minutes
as I was just on you know a couple weeks kind
of discussing it but I just wanted
to kind of do an update regarding where we're
at and some of the things that
have changed thus far first off we've been
able to get with a really cool guy
and he's able to create banners intro videos
anything
like that so if you guys are ever needing
anything like that go for the
I would give my full backing if you ever need
anything like that so
yeah we've got a our official logo we've
actually had a few gaming
spotlights where we spotlight the authors
yeah check all post here
in a second
and then basically what we've decided to do
is in order to kind of push our
community forward is use the GS gaming
account, the steemit account as
spotlight account which basically allows for
any of the gaming members to post
from their personal accounts using the GSG
pictures and logos and
whatnot and thenh either  or I will go
through on
the GS gaming account and spotlight this
author and what it ends up doing is
goes through the week payout and they receive
all the SBD so we're
using it as a way to kind of help authors and
feel a little more loved
because we all know there's quite the
learning curve on Steemit so
I think we're at about 35 members now I think
last week we were at
about eleven so it's a gonna take a little
time to get huge but I think it's
it's moving in the right direction so we're
always looking for more people to
come over and jump over I'll put the discord
link and
any links that I might have that might be of
importance I'll link sword 189
because he does some awesome work as well
thank you
@officialfuzzy: and that is
@BamBam808: yes sir
@officialfuzzy: as in Delta
@BamBam808: yep Delta but yeah he does really good work
he's brand new to steemit so
wanted to make sure he gets a little you know
love from whoever the community
that chooses to use his services because he
does a really good job and
most of the stuff he's been just wanting to
do it out of the love of his
heart I have always been trying to send him
compensation and whatnot
but yeah he's a really good guy anyways
GetSetGaming is taking off
so I would be looking for it on the steemit
hot or trending here in the
next little while as far as for gaming we
brought on a few other people and
have been discussing with some possible
backers but we shall see I think it'll
just be one of those we grow as a community
and you know
"big payouts" come later for everybody I'm
doing what I can using personal
whale shares and whatnot to support the
authors through the GS gaming account so
anyways that is my kind of top up and
GetSetGaming news thank you guys
@officialfuzzy: sure have you ever thought about the
potential of tokenification for gaming
for this kind of group like creating a
community token well it's
it's I think a steem media token is what
they're going to call them when they
come out but we have tokens that can be used
for that up until then
@BamBam808: yeah the old snts yeah I think ideally I
would love to do
something like that I personally don't know
how to do that but if you have
somebody that you could link me with I would
be extremely interested for that
as well as I think steemits got talent that
it could use from that as well also
@officialfuzzy: well that's one of the things I'll help you
with if you need just so
@BamBam808: awesome I'll reach out to p.m. here sometime
today then I know you're busy
@officialfuzzy: you know
@BamBam808: busy busy the other thing I wanted to just
briefly
announce was yes  read my mind we've actually
been in discussion with Chris  of solar coach
TopSol and he's
actually decided to give up five hundred
topsol a week to the winner of Steemits
got talent so that'll be another especially
going into the
eliminations here in the next few weeks I
think it'll be a nice way to bump up
prizes and whatnot for the elimination people
@officialfuzzy: this is some cool stuff but I think that the
the gaming segment
that sector in general there's just so much
you can do in it so it's gonna be
cool to see where you're going with it and
I'll also remind you that there is
another chain another delegated people
stakechain called peer plays
some of the people who were behind bitshares
work with it and they
are going to be having it used just for games
and gamification and things like
that and I believe they're going to have a
unit a unity API
so I just want to let you guys know it's
cheaper than when
I bought it so you guys can get it cheaper
than I bought it and I know that
they're doing stuff behind the scenes from
what they've told
me anyway and they've came out and they've
been pretty open about
joining the whale tanks in the past to talk
about it too so the only reason I
bring that up is you're in this perfect spot
where you're on steemit you could
make money and earn money and build a
community there and you can also create
kind of a synergy between steemit and peer
plays with that right
@BamBam808: yeah that would be awesome
@officialfuzzy: so yeah I mean if we can use these tools to
make more money on more platforms
like kind of how I tell  hey feel free to put
all of our stuff
from the cent and if you want to kick me some
of the funds that you were in cool
if you don't that's fine too but you leverage
it and and earn on decent you
know what I mean that's another platform that
you guys like and it's based on
delegated proof of stakes so you know it's
gonna scale you know it's not gonna
have a bunch of people who want to use it and
then they're gonna go shit I
can't use it so maybe just something to think
about
for you
@BamBam808: definitely do you happen I don't even think I
have the a discord for peer
plays you have anybody I might be able to
contact or I'll just reach out in
p.m.
@officialfuzzy: if you want to you could probably create the
discord yourself because I don't
think they have a discord they have a
telegram though
@BamBam808: okay awesome I do have telegram so I'll look
around there but yeah I'll try and
get in touch with one of them and you know if
I could make a discord for him
@officialfuzzy: there you go apple crisp
@BamBam808: that would be awesome too
@officialfuzzy: well they are looking for people to get
witnesses and I mean it's
just it's just too good to be true that you
can earn from all these chains and
@BamBam808: yeah that's what I thought
@officialfuzzy: yeah it's called Voltron BamBam and if you do
it I
think that you'll be very happy that you
helped to build Voltron
@BamBam808: awesome awesome
@officialfuzzy: or Ultron is my manager Mike wants to keep
saying so if anybody wants to reach
out to you how do they do so if they want to
help out or work with you in
some way shape or form with this project
@BamBam808: as far as the GS gaming I will put down my
discord port the community discord
but I'm basically as fuzzy will probably
vouch I'm always on discord I kind of
jump on steemit.chat here and there you know
a couple times a day just to check
but discord is my main bread and butter I'm
there pretty much 24/7 so that would
be the easiest way to meet me find me
@officialfuzzy: could you provide the link in here for the
for the people who are joining up
today that'd be awesome just so they have
@BamBam808: yes sir
@officialfuzzy: access to to see what you're up to and you
never know when you
start looking at these various other chains
in it you can potentially make
some cash on all those you start being able
to potentially help people who join
up and become part of the community maybe
some of the people here will be
some of those people
@BamBam808: sounds good I'm all about helping anybody I
can
@officialfuzzy: does anybody have any questions or comments
before we close this segment up
we have five minutes left
@BamBam808: a top-class so anybody who wants to take over
this five minutes feel free
@nutela: well I was just  wondering SMT tokens how you
see it and
because you wrote a post about it I just read
it so maybe we can talk about that
@BamBam808: yeah I was kind of doing the similar thing
that you're doing I was kind of
reaching out to the community that just kind
of compiled
you know a general consensus of at least the
people that I reach out and follow
or who follow me I wanted to get kind of
their general consensus as far as what I
think I mean I think it's a cool way to get
around you know the whole ICO
situation that's going on right now but on
the flip side I think it's something
that's more or less already been done you
know whaleshares that kind of a
thing similar but different so I think it'll
be interesting I think it's going
to initially be a whole flood of "BS" that
everyone's going
to kind of have to go through because I
didn't read the
entire white paper but I don't know what
system they're using to
you know "vent through the BS" and the scam
tokens and whatnot
I don't know if it's just going to be whoever
makes one can enter it and use
steemit as the ICO platform but I think only
time will tell
@nutela: the the best thing would be if we could use
steem like a form of discuss
with the queue you know with like a common
system because the reputation
could really help to leave the spammers out
and filter  the
good commands but I don't know if it's like
for data I just saw
some idea about it and which is very good you
know I I haven't read the
white paper also so
@BamBam808: as we've seen the steemit
community issues pop up and there's people
that necessarily don't
Use Steemit the platform for what it's for
but I think the community does a
really good job of you know weeding out the
BS and then really getting down
to the the good core community you know
people who really care about steemit so
I think it's going to be a similar event with
these ICOS I think
initially it's just gonna flood the market
and then everyone's gonna have to
kind of okay this is the one to go to this is
not you know like that
@SirLunchTheHost: well if I may interject and I think I will
interject I think what's going to
@BamBam808: no nobody wants to listen to you
@SirLunchTheHost: happen is that it's going to separate people
who do shit and the people who don't
do shit because even these tokens will be
backed by people's hard work
directly so i think that that problem you're
talking
about kind of sorts its way out but more or
less it will
plug the market but again it'll be a good
foot.
yes I think it would be a good thing
we'll see
@nutela: so yeah if they can make it more easy to use
I think. you know making
accounts on bitshares and doing this all and
watching the video of Kronos and I mean
it's not hard but yeah I don't know if they
can make it easier then all
the better but on the other hand maybe if
they make it too easy then you get
all this shit coins time will tell.
@officialfuzzy: my big thing is if you have a coin that it
cannot really
give people an opportunity to govern their
community or have some
semblance of structure that they can leverage
to get things
done that's one of the biggest things that
coins are gonna have
to deal with that and scalability if you've
got those two things as a coin
your community is going to be able to survive
through the hard times and you
will find those core people but I think over
time you guys might see that if
for instance some of these other texts out
there if they don't scale and
the only thing that they offer is "you don't
like it sell your coin" I think that's
going to be the mark of what's going to make
a shit coin a true shit
coin because if we're thinking about
cryptocurrency is something that's going
to empower people and it doesn't empower
people other than to buy the coin and
hold it and spend it and be a nice little
servant who doesn't ask questions
what happens with it or to be able to be a
citizen who has a say kind
of like and delegated proof of stake I think
there's a big big difference and
especially for longevity of coins and the
communities
especially for the toilet flushing people the
people who live their lives
around the toilets
@BamBam808: damn toilet flexors
@officialfuzzy: okay well real quick before  we head out I
just want to thank you
BamBam808 and just to let everybody know that
is  on Steemit and
thank you for joining up please feel free to
join up any  time and remind
me that man I'll do it today with you I can
make a token in
probably about twenty minutes during the
after party if that's cool
@BamBam808: Roger that sounds great to me man I
appreciate it I'm already in the
telegram talking to go to play guys or trying
to they're in there in
@officialfuzzy: sounds good
@BamBam808: some serious discussions going on right now
buy sell hold
@officialfuzzy: hmm well give him a reason to hold man tell
them all your ideas that's that's
the best thing to combat the FUD
@BamBam808: yeah they're talking about something else
helmbet something
not quite sure what it even is
@officialfuzzy: well you'll figure it out and we'll talk
about probably the next time you
join up sound good
@BamBam808: sounds good
@officialfuzzy: alright sounds wonderful